well since I'm a new by I guess that
means i have to play through the
prologue so fine I will I'm going to be
the goal starts this way right Empress
you really tell me welcome decided
that's not cool must be those things in
the sky but I can't fly
I just gonna be doing anything I am it's
this way just bring gold and Starlight
right I knew by is explaining what old
star is blue whoa bombers
you know that they gave this much detail
actually i'll pull here and I'm counting
my gram steam here
I am going this way
reclamation think you're Miami
what's desperate play just go and go to
a gold star you asshole but he ain't
tell me I'm just a lowly grunt no
desperate plan that you told me about
Scotty gold star I was going to gold
star cells with coward I've been
vanquished a lot so we saw empires loss
a bigger hole to seal I fail the mission
dis red screen what's mean I've nothing
the options and changed my name
but I am a new bodice and nothing else
to really say about that and the sky
here I'll know who is
right no one's here how am I supposed to
shoot people
state sucks the new by Sun and out the
girls fun
hey
yes Chris in the hell out here swats
missile vet videos and quests stuff Oh
7i needs a new game packs pulls up I'm
getting out here and with dentists
appointment tomorrow morning it's got
stuck you're evil their cult must be
vanquished and killed see the cuffs on
some position he's sooo feeling oh happy
now i'm chandra computers of other
people all a guy you bitch that's the
deal kong co-stars talk about yeah
asshole turn off